The information contained herein is for information purposes only.  It does not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to purchase any interest in any investment vehicle managed by Telligent Investment Management, LLC ("Telligent") and/or its affiliates.  Any such offer or solicitation shall be made only pursuant to the confidential private placement memorandum of the Telligent Fund ("PPM"), which qualifies in its entirety the information set forth herein and contains a description of the risks of investing.  The PPM, together with the current financial statements of the applicable Fund and relevant subscription documents, should be reviewed carefully prior to investing.  All of which must be read in their entirety.  Before sending out the acknowledge receipt of these subscription documents and the completion of all appropriate documentation requirements, no solicitation or offer to purchase shares is made.  No offer to sell or solicitation of an offer to buy will be made in any jurisdiction in which such offer or solicitation would be unlawful.  

This document is also neither an advertisement nor intended for public distribution.  Any subsequent, direct communication by Telligent with a prospective client shall be conducted by a representative who is either registered or qualifies for an exemption or exclusion from registration in the state where the prospective client resides.  Telligent complies with the current notice filing requirements imposed upon SEC registered investment advisers in those states where Telligent maintains clients.  Telligent may only transact business in states where notice is filed or qualifies for an exemption or exclusion from notice filing requirements.  

Any investor who subscribes or proposes to subscribe to an investment in the Telligent Fund must be able to bear the risks involved and must meet the Fund's suitability requirements.  Some or all alternative investment programs may not be suitable for certain investors.  No assurance can be given that the Fund's investment objectives will be achieved.  Hedge fund investments are typically speculative and involve a substantial degree of risk.  An investor must realize that any investment inherently carries the possibility of loss.  A particular portion of trades may take place in emerging markets, which may inherently involve a greater degree of risk.  For further information regarding the risk factors and conflicts of interest with respect to the Telligent Fund in which you propose to invest or currently invest, please refer to the Fund's PPM.  The shares have not and will not be registered for sale, and there will be no public offering of the shares.  A secondary market for an investor's interest in the Fund does not exist, and none should be expected to develop.  Restrictions apply to transferring interests in the Fund to others.

Past performance is not indicative of future performance.  The comparison of the Fund's performance to the benchmark indices in this presentation is for illustrative purposes only.  The performance and volatility of the benchmark indices may differ materially from those of the Telligent Fund due to varying degrees of exposure, diversification, leverage, and other factors.  The performance result of the Fund is net of fees.  Other incomes and expenses, such as dividends, interest, brokerage commissions, trade levies, trade settlement software, and related costs, have already been taken into account.  The return for each investor is calculated based on the NAV figures reported in the capital account statements generated by the Funds Administrator, State Street Global Services.  The return depends on the specific fee structure, accrued incentive fees, or date of entry into the Funds.  Further information about the management fees and performance incentives are described in the disclosure statement of Part II of Form ADV, which is available upon request and on the Investment Adviser Public Disclosure website (www.adviserinfo.sec.gov).  

^MSCI ACWI Index returns are represented from January 2024 to the present.  MSCI China All Shares Index returns are represented from November 2008 (the index launch date) to December 2023.  The MSCI Golden Dragon Index returns are represented from August 2004 to October 2008.  These index performance data represent total returns, including dividends.  Please read the disclosure statement carefully and contact Telligent at investor@tellcap.com for further information. 
